Infinum/feature/rxmodule documentation (#52)
infinum/iOS-VIPER-Xcode-Templates: Documentation/Viper RxModule Guide.md

    private let disposeBag: DisposeBag
    // MARK: - Lifecycle -

    init(
        view: RxLoginViewInterface,
        interactor: RxLoginInteractorInterface,
        wireframe: RxLoginWireframeInterface,
        authorizationManager: AuthorizationAdapter = AuthorizationAdapter.shared
    ) {
        self.view = view
        self.interactor = interactor
        self.wireframe = wireframe
        self.authorizationManager = authorizationManager

        emailValidator = EmailValidator()
        passwordValidator = PasswordValidator(minLength: RxLoginPresenter.minimumPasswordLength)
        disposeBag = DisposeBag()
    }
}

// MARK: - Extensions -

extension RxLoginPresenter: RxLoginPresenterInterface {

    func configure(with output: RxLogin.ViewOutput) -> RxLogin.ViewInput {
        let inputs = initializeInputs(with: output.actions.email, output.actions.password)
        initializeLogin(
            with: output.actions.login,
            email: output.actions.email,
            password: output.actions.password
        )
        initializeRegister(with: output.actions.register)
        return RxLogin.ViewInput(events: RxLoginEvents(buttonAvailability: inputs))
    }

}

> //MARK: - Private Extensions -

Reviewer: Mark formatting (space after comment)

                        view.hideProgressHUD()
                        wireframe.showErrorAlert(with: error.localizedDescription)
                    }, onSubscribe: { [unowned view] in
                        view.showProgressHUD()
                    })
                    .asSignal(onErrorSignalWith: .never())
            }
            .do(onNext: { [unowned self] user in
                authorizationManager.authorizationHeader = user.authorizationHeader
            })
            .emit(onNext: { [unowned wireframe] _ in
                wireframe.navigate(to: .home)
            })
            .disposed(by: disposeBag)
    }

    func isEmailValid(_ email: String) -> Bool {
        return emailValidator.isValid(email)
    }

    func isPasswordValid(_ password: String) -> Bool {
        return passwordValidator.isValid(password)
    }

    func initializeRegister(with register: Signal<Void>) {
        register
            .emit(onNext: { [unowned wireframe] in
                wireframe.navigate(to: .register)
            })
            .disposed(by: disposeBag)
    }
}
```

Whoa! That was a lot of code. Don't fret, it's quite simple :)

> We'll start from the top. As the base example, we have implemented some part of validation for our email and password. Now we're going straight down to the <i>configure</i> function. In the <i>configure</i> function we have registered to the events from the *ViewOutput*. As there is a driver which we'll send to the view, we have to call <i>initializeInputs</i> function and pass it as a parameter. We'll take both, email and password drivers, do some Rx magic which will check if the inputs are valid, and return a fresh driver with a bool value. If the inputs are valid it returns true, and as the name of the driver says, button will be available, otherwise, it's disabled.
> 
> After we have subscribed to our inputs, we want to subscribe to button taps. Since they only want to navigate or request an API call, we don't have to return anything from their initialization. That's why we sometimes need the disposeBag in the Presenter. That is mostly about the Presenter, we use a lot of Rx a try to stay as pure with Rx as possible.
> 
> Next, we'll get in touch with our implemented *RxLoginViewController*.

Reviewer: Not sure about this chunk, it wasn't clear to me while I was reading, but I guess you meant this? 

```suggestion
We'll start from the top. At the base example, we have implemented some part of validation for the email and password. Now we're going straight down to the <i>configure</i> function. Inside the <i>configure</i> method presenter registers to the events from the *ViewOutput*. As there is a driver which we'll send to the view, we have to call <i>initializeInputs</i> function and pass it as a parameter. We'll take both, email and password drivers, do some Rx magic which will check if the inputs are valid, and return a fresh driver with a bool value. If the inputs are valid it returns true, and as the name of the driver says, button will be available, otherwise, it's disabled.

After presenter makes inputs for the view, we want the presenter to subscribe to the actions that are performed by the view. Since those actions only result in navigation or API call, we don't have to return anything, just handle the navigation/calls internally. 

Next, we'll get in touch with our implemented *RxLoginViewController*.
```

Reviewer: Btw, try to define more explicit wording when writing, it's not we who are subscribing, it's presenter/view.

        super.init(viewController: moduleViewController)

        let interactor = RxLoginInteractor()
        let presenter = RxLoginPresenter(view: moduleViewController, interactor: interactor, wireframe: self)
        moduleViewController.presenter = presenter
    }

}

// MARK: - Extensions -

extension RxLoginWireframe: RxLoginWireframeInterface {
    func navigate(to option: LoginNavigationOption) {
        switch option {
        case .home:
            _openHome()
        case .register:
            _presentRegister()
        }

    }

    private func _openHome() {
        let wireframe = HomeWireframe()

        navigationController?.pushWireframe(wireframe)
    }

    private func _presentRegister() {
        let wireframe = RegisterWireframe()

        let wireframeNavigationController = PokedexNavigationController()
        wireframeNavigationController.setRootWireframe(wireframe)

        navigationController?.present(wireframeNavigationController, animated: true, completion: nil)

    }
}
```

There isn't anything special going on here, that is specific for the RxModule. It's just handling the navigation from the Login to home/register.

> This here just shows you how you can implement on a simple example, it can get much more complicated than this by using a Formatter or just a bigger Presenter and ViewController. The sole purpose is to show you the tools and you can better yourself by using them. Hopefully, this wasn't too hard for you, and that you managed to get a clearer picture in your head of how the *RxModule* works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This here just shows you how you can implement on a simple example, it can get much more complicated than this by using a Formatter or just a bigger Presenter and ViewController. The sole purpose of this example is to show you the tools and how you can prospect when using them. Hopefully, this wasn't too hard for you, and that you managed to get a clearer picture in your head of how the *RxModule* works.
```
